Create RELEASES.md (#24)
bcgov/mcfd-mobility-webmethods-passthru: docs/RELEASES.md

# Production Release Checklist

## Operational tasks
1. Coordinate with project team to decide when to make a new release of the API to production.
2. Choose a deployment time to release in advance. Due to project team availability, production releases should only be scheduled Monday-Wednesday, during morning hours. This is to accommodate any release issues during working hours, earlier in the week.

> 3. If there is a breaking change made to the downstream interface contract of Web Methods Passthru API, release must be coordinated with DIONA team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If there is a breaking change made to the downstream interface contract of Web Methods Passthru API, release must be coordinated with KKCFS.
```

Author: Changed
